[Intro]
Ooh, ooh
Ooh

[Verse 1]
She like the low, she like the high (Mm)
I've seen it all too many times
Geronimo, she's droppin' by (Mm)
Fork in the road, this fate of mine

[Pre-Chorus]
I can't act like I don't keep dressin' for the storm, then blame the sky
Oh, I know I'm damned if I do, damned if I don't
Wherever I end up, it's never no surprise

[Chorus]
Shoulda told you I could see this comin'
Like I'm lookin' right into a crystal ball
When I fall in love, it's with misfortune
Oh, I wish I wasn't Mr. Know It All
Give you everythin' you say you wanted
See the future like it's written on the wall (Ooh)
You're thе only thing that's missin' from it
Oh, I wish I wasn't Mr. Know It All
Mr. Know It All (Mr.)

[Verse 2]
Pullin' dominoes from a coffee can (Mm-mm)
Set 'em up and watch 'еm fall, do it over again
Like a tennis ball through a ceiling fan
Bet you'll never end up fallin' back in my hands, oh

[Chorus]
Shoulda told you I could see this comin' (See this comin')
Like I'm lookin' right into a crystal ball (Ooh)
When I fall in love, it's with misfortune
Oh, I wish I wasn't Mr. Know It All (Oh, oh)
Give you everythin' you say you wanted (Say you wanted, yeah)
See the future like it's written on the wall
You're the only thing that's missin' from it (Missin' from it)
Oh, I wish I wasn't Mr. Know It All

[Bridge]
I don't wanna stay (Stay), I don't wanna run
I already know what this'll become
I'm watchin' you dance and fallin' in love
I'm gettin' way too close to the sun

[Chorus]
Shoulda told you I could see this comin' (Comin')
Like I'm lookin' right into a crystal ball
When I fall in love, it's with misfortune (Oh, it's with misfortune)
Oh, I wish I wasn't Mr. Know It All
Give you everythin' you say you wanted (You say you wanted, yeah)
See the future like it's written on the wall (Written on the wall)
You're the only thing that's missin' from it (Missin' from it)
Oh, I wish I wasn't Mr. Know It All

[Outro]
Mr. Know It All (Mr. Know It All)
(Mr., Mr. Know It All; Mr.)
Mr. Know It All